Maybe even more interesting is Astair Ovre and Francis and Ghana
because Astair Ovre is one of the most experienced guys in the division.
Of course, em is the former dream heavyweight champion,
former Strikeforce heavyweight champion and former K one grown on pre
champion.
One of the very best kickboxers to ever fight in MMA without a
doubt.
But you wanna talk about a guy who has been in wars like let's Google
Allister, EMS overall record,
because it's gotta be crazy far as the, uh,
number of times he's been stopped. I mean, it's really bananas.
Let's go and look. Well first look at his MMA career.
We'll count this up and this is no disrespect to him.
I'm a huge Aster overing fan.
And I'm not saying that he should retire or anything crazy like that,
but let's just take a look at how many arms he's been
stopped just in MMA. Okay.
So he won two fights in a row. Uh,
fantastic victory over Mark Hunt.
He Cod him with knees and won a split decision over FEI over
doom, um, or actually a majority decision. One of the referees I guess, caught,
or one of the judges called it a draw.
I thought that that was a very close decision,
but I thought that ver was gonna get the nod quite honestly. Let's look at the,
the times he's lost though. Steve ACHI, when he fought for the title,
knocked him out. Okay.
Before that Ben Rothwell knocked him out before that of
brown knocked him out before that Antonio Bigfoot Silva knocked him out
brutal knockout.
So that's just within the last four years in the
UFC,
he suffered four brutal knockouts before that Sergei
carton off knocked him out. Brutal knockout in 2007, 10 years ago,
Mauricio Shogun Whoah knocked him out also in 2007, uh,
he lost to Ricardo Oona. He got, um, stopped in that fight.
He tapped, uh, to strikes, uh,
Erio Nora, uh, stopped him little NOGS stopped him.
Uh, corner, stopped it by it's a TKO that was in 2006.
He got stopped by Frei overdo, but that was a Kamora. That was a submission,
um, show gun who stopped him, uh,
the first time in 2005. So show gun knocked him out twice.
He T Cod him in 2005 and Cod him in
2007.
Before that little nog beat him by decision Chuck
Lael,
Cod him in a fantastic fight where overing was really coming on strong against.
Chuck. And then, uh,
Chuck caught him with some brutal punches and Cod him.
That was in 2003. Before that Bobby Hoffman,
a lot of people forgot about Bobby Hoffman, way back in rings.
Um, Cod him in 2000
and that's it for MMA.
So just MMA Kos, right?
The first Ko loss we have Bobby Hoffman,
then we have Chuck Lall. Then we have show gun.
Then we have, uh, little,
then we have AONA. Then we have Shogun again.
Then we have carton off. Okay. We already have seven that's carton off.
Then we have Bigfoot silver eight, Travis brown,
nine Ben Rothwell, 10 steep chick, 11,
11 stoppage losses in MMA. I mean, holy.
That's crazy. 11 knockout or stoppage losses in MMA.
Then you go to kickboxing.
Barari stopped him in the K one gro pre vinyl
in 2009, he stopped him. Um,
he got stopped by FETO in,
um, Kein versus K one, 2004.
He got K he got stopped by Bernard Paris,
K one Holland that's in 2001.
So 1, 2,
3 K losses in kickboxing on top of all the other
MMA losses. That's a lot of stoppage losses folks.
And it's led people to question the durability
of the current guy.
But what we do know is that Astair is extremely
crafty.
And one of the things that I like about Astair these days is since he's gone
over to, uh, Jackson and winkled John in Albuquerque,
he has become much more elusive, um,
much slicker on his feet, moves around a lot more.
And doesn't just try to smash people. The Uber aim,
the guy that we saw fight Brock Lesner when in his
UFC debut, that was like classic Uber aim, which is jacked to the,
smashing people running through Ru people.
He would meet force with greater force. Now,
what you're seeing is what you're seeing is the ster overing that
fought junior, do Santos, who fought an incredibly clever fight,
moved around well. Um, he was.
Very, very slick,
very difficult to hit and then started scoring on junior and then eventually
caught him with a beautiful left hook and Cod him.
That's that to me is the interesting Andre Arlosky is
today a guy who realizes that perhaps he can't take a lunch like he
did when he was younger. You know, he's been in a lot of really,
really tough fights as we just went over and realizes like, Hey,
now I have to be smart. Now I have to be clever. I have to move around a lot.
I have to use my skills and his skills are substantial. In my opinion,
he's the best right up there with Mark Hunt, of course, um,
who he just beat the best heavyweight kickboxer ever,
when it comes to credentials, he's the best heavyweight kickboxer ever in MMA.
Really? Uh, no, no heavyweight kickboxer.
Other than him and hunt have ever won the K one grand Prix and hunt won it.
He stepped into the finals as an alternate. He had lost earlier that night. Uh,
not to take anything away from hunt, cuz of course,
mark is still just one of the, the all time greats when it comes to kickboxing.
But when Mark Hunt won, um, he won.
We can go to that record right here. Mark Hunt won, um, the,
the K one ground pre he won it. He had lost that night.
Mm see,
see he's he's fought the K one grand PR a couple times he lost a semi Sult. Uh,
he got, uh, TKO by spitting back kick and he won,
um, well, God he's fought a lot of awesome kickboxing fights too.
So he lost to Rayo
in 2001 in the semi-finals
and then he won that night. He beat Stephan Leko.
So he lost to Rayo Rayo apparently couldn't continue.
And then he came back to win from getting that right? Yeah.
Looks like he beat found, let go in the,
uh, semi. Well, it says semifinals.
It says wins K one grand pre championship, 2001. Oh, okay.
He fought Francisco Filio but that was in, I'm looking at a different date
that was in, uh,
2002 or 2001, he beat feeler anyway.
I'm rambling. Did you notice? Yeah, I'm talking too much. Uh,
but so he's fighting Francis,
Francis and Ghana and Francis and Ghana who is right now,
10 and one in the UFC 10, uh, ten one with, uh,
zero draw. So 10 wins just been smashing everybody.
And he looked at his, uh, last fight against Andre Arlosky.
That was a fight where it was like probably one of the first fights where we
really got tested.
We really got to see what happens when he fights a former champion and a former
really world class fighter. And, uh, it was a good test,
but now a bigger test is in front of him when he is gonna fight Astair over him.
The, I mean, we've seen him so far, four times inside the octagon,
uh, he stopped Curtis blades. I knockout,
he stopped Bohan. I don't know how to say this guy's name again. Miha
Miha I don't. I remember how to go.
<laugh> boon Miha I do not remember how to say
homeboy's name. Um, then he stopped Anthony Hamilton, uh,
by SI mission showing that he has mission skills as well.
And then of course just knocked out Andre Arloski in his last fight.
It's a very interesting fight because the, the question is,
is in Ghana, ready for a guy who's got the skills of Astair over him,
the skill, the experience at the highest level, the crafting a is,
is he gonna set traps and is Francis and Ghana
gonna be fall for those traps?
The other question is can all can Alster over him,
take a shot from in Ghana and Ghana has legitimate
absolute one punch knockout, power, extreme confidence,
and he's fr and in his prime right now,
actually entering his prime. I mean, arguably,
he hasn't even reached his prime yet because in Ghana is one of those guys that
at 31 years of age is near his physical prime,
but he's still learning. He's still getting better at the sport.
And as he fights better and better competition,
you're going to see more of his skills shine. You're going to see where,
where the holes are in his game,
and you're gonna see how he responds to adversity.
Hopefully we're gonna get a chance to see all those things in this fight. Um,
if Ovre wins,
there's a very good argument for him being next in line to fights deep ABI.